Hi,

I would like to apply to a software engineer job at BrowserUse. I actually have been using the open source BrowserUse repo quite extensively for a pentesting AI product (alas, gave up on this), so I am pretty familiar with the codebase. The rest of this email will describe what I've built.

So to back up a bit, my original idea was to build a black box pentesting AI. But to pentest a website, I needed to the API endpoints. So I built a web spider to:
1. Goto every page on the website
2. Exhaustively trigger every single client-side interaction on each page
3. Capture the backend API calls that the client/browser makes a result of 2.

To do 2. effectively, there was two main problems:
a) Tracking interactions that have already been triggered so the agent doesnt repeat itself
b) Handle DOM re-renders in response to actions taken by the agent

I came up with a planning implementation that roughly works as follows:
1. Arrive on new page -> create new plan
2. Execute the next interaction on the plan
3. Update the plan based on DOM re-renders

Step 2. is browser-use LLM (with the plan and its progress in self.task), step 1. and 3. are LLM based implementations that I've added. 

Currently, it works ... kinda. As you guys well know, Browser x LLM has a bajillion different edge cases, but .. I am confident in the general architecture and think its just a matter of optimization tweaks before it works as a universal web spider. 

Here is a list cool/interesting things in browser-use-plusplus:
- Plan is hierarchal to reflect the UI hierarchy of webpages. This is important because certain actions depend on re-triggering UI interactions (ie. re-opening a submenu) and the UI hierarchy makes the "interaction dependency" obvious
- DOM diffing 
And a couple of tweaks (fixes?) on the BrowserUse codebase:
- For rerun_from_history, added a step after the initial match returns multiple candidates, then further match by their respective child strings. Note, this does require DOMInteractedElement to store the children_string   (https://github.com/BastionOne/browser-use/commit/4b49d909effa71b4a0e381951c119218b25efcb7)
- For detecting clickable elements, I (or well, Claude) wrote a short JS script to:
1. Send onhover events to all elements
2. Detect CSS changes / cursor changes
Yet to integrate this yet, actually not quite sure where to put it (https://gist.github.com/JohnPeng47/6a856fb636bf714d34fcdba172fd91a1)

Anyways, I would like to work for browser-use, I think there are alot of interesting usecases out there for what you guys have built. Would love to chat.

Cheers,
John
